You blackmail me
The so-called actually has nothing to do with me
I understand you people best
When I gave birth to Ma Huayu
Maggie also said he was going to kill him
What about now?
Can you help me find a dog tail grass?
Not for several days.
Want dog tail grass
Hey.
Yeah, it's better than nothing. Yeah.
You're so sure I can help you?
Markey never helped me
But he did.
In terms of talent, he is not as good as you
Don't tell me your whereabouts
Laugh at me for never meeting you
It's a pity that fate tricks people, right?
Oh, it's not that I can't help you.
But I have one condition.
You can say whatever you want, and I will satisfy you.
I want Sophie
A Woman
Ruthless, don't bother the princess
How about you make Sophie my maid?
I'll help you.
I can't do those things alone
You know, try to be careful
It doesn't matter, this princess promises you.
But if you lose
Oops, what about me, one chestnut and two assistants?
Of course it's the fish on your cutting board
OK
Somebody bring me Sophie